Make MLflow Projects support running a prebuilt Docker image (#6944)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/projects.rst

  When the MLflow project is run, Docker attempts to pull the image from the specified registry.
  The system executing the MLflow project must have credentials to pull this image from  the specified registry.

  .. rubric:: Example 4: Using a prebuilt image

  .. code-block:: yaml

    docker_env:
      image: python:3.7

>       rebuild: false

Reviewer: @harupy The more I think about it, I think it makes more sense to structure this as an API / commandline argument for `mlflow run`. This way, the user can specify at runtime whether or not to rebuild the image, rather than having to change the project's contents.

  By default, MLflow builds a new image that's based on the specified image and contains files in

>   the project directory. To skip building a new and use the image directly, set ``rebuild`` to

Author: Thanks for the catch. Fixed!

  When the MLflow project is run, Docker attempts to pull the image from the specified registry.
  The system executing the MLflow project must have credentials to pull this image from  the specified registry.

  .. rubric:: Example 4: Using a prebuilt image

  .. code-block:: yaml

    docker_env:
      image: python:3.7

  .. code-block:: bash

    mlflow run ... --skip-image-build

>   By default, MLflow builds a new image that's based on the specified image and contains files in
>   the project directory. To disable this behavior and use the image directly, run the project
>   ``--skip-image-build``. In this example, the image ``python:3.7`` is pulled from Docker Hub if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  By default, MLflow builds a new image that's based on the specified image and files contained in
  the project directory. To disable this behavior and use the image directly, run the project with the 
  ``--skip-image-build`` argument specified. In the above example, the image ``python:3.7`` is pulled from Docker Hub if
```

Author: @BenWilson2 Thanks!
